.TH "device_mode.StructParsar" 3 "Fri Nov 12 2021" "Version 1.0" "DIY Auto-Correlator" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
device_mode.StructParsar
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, session_name, parent_dir, \fBconfig\fP, \fBadd_suffix\fP=False)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBfl_structure\fP (self)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBget_struct_size\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBcopy_config_to_session\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBset_config\fP (\fBconfig\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgenerate_data_files\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgenerate_datasets\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgenerate_struct_rep\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBfile_name_generator\fP (self, \fBname\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBcreate_file\fP (self, \fBname\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgenerate_struct_parsar\fP (self)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdstore\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdata\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBroot_dir\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBadd_suffix\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconfig\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmt_param\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def device_mode\&.StructParsar\&.__init__ ( self,  session_name,  parent_dir,  config,  add_suffix = \fCFalse\fP)"

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def device_mode\&.StructParsar\&.copy_config_to_session ()"

.PP
.nf
Copies the current configuration file to the session directory.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def device_mode\&.StructParsar\&.create_file ( self,  name)"

.PP
.nf
Creates a file with a given name (name should be unique or it would override
the past instance) and saves a reference to the `open_files` dictionary.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def device_mode\&.StructParsar\&.file_name_generator ( self,  name)"

.PP
.nf
Generates the file paths for the data files.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def device_mode\&.StructParsar\&.fl_structure ( self)"

.PP
.nf
Layout of feature line structure.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def device_mode\&.StructParsar\&.generate_data_files ()"

.PP
.nf
Generates the relavent data files for the feature line.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def device_mode\&.StructParsar\&.generate_datasets ()"

.PP
.nf
Populates the `data` dict with the required data sets → arrays, lists, or deques as required.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def device_mode\&.StructParsar\&.generate_struct_parsar ( self)"

.SS "def device_mode\&.StructParsar\&.generate_struct_rep ()"

.SS "def device_mode\&.StructParsar\&.get_struct_size ()"

.PP
.nf
Calculates and returns the size of the receiving struct.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def device_mode\&.StructParsar\&.set_config ( config)"

.PP
.nf
Creates a local store of configuration.
Accepts both a dictionary or a config file path.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "device_mode\&.StructParsar\&.add_suffix"

.SS "device_mode\&.StructParsar\&.config"

.PP
.nf
Creates a local store of configuration.
Accepts both a dictionary or a config file path.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "device_mode\&.StructParsar\&.data"

.SS "device_mode\&.StructParsar\&.dstore"

.SS "device_mode\&.StructParsar\&.mt_param"

.PP
.nf
Populates the `data` dict with the required data sets → arrays, lists, or deques as required.

.fi
.PP
.PP
.nf
Constructs a deque and populates it to zero to prevent arithmetic errors, etc.
.fi
.PP
 
.SS "device_mode\&.StructParsar\&.name"

.SS "device_mode\&.StructParsar\&.root_dir"


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for DIY Auto-Correlator from the source code\&.
