.TH "normalizer.Normalizer" 3 "Fri Nov 12 2021" "Version 1.0" "DIY Auto-Correlator" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
normalizer.Normalizer
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP (self, lin_corrs, series_size, bin_ratio)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBset_mode\fP (self, mode_str)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBnormalize\fP (self, input_y, args)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBno_norm\fP (self, input_y)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBpoints_norm\fP (self, input_y, points_no)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBmean_norm\fP (self, input_y, points_no, accumulate)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__repr__\fP (self)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmt_param\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpoints_scale_template\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbin_ratio_scale\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbin_ratio_scale_sq\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtau_values\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBavailable_modes\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBnorm_fn\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def normalizer\&.Normalizer\&.__init__ ( self,  lin_corrs,  series_size,  bin_ratio)"

.PP
.nf
Constructor that accepts multi-tau configuration parameters.

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def normalizer\&.Normalizer\&.__repr__ ( self)"

.SS "def normalizer\&.Normalizer\&.mean_norm ( self,  input_y,  points_no,  accumulate)"

.PP
.nf
Returns the mean normalized transformation of the input. Accepts the number of points received by each 
channel and the mean monitor accumulate. Mean = accumulate / points_no.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def normalizer\&.Normalizer\&.no_norm ( self,  input_y)"

.PP
.nf
Returns a non-normalized sequence. This function does nothing except return its input.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def normalizer\&.Normalizer\&.normalize ( self,  input_y,  args)"

.PP
.nf
Callable normalization function - single interface.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def normalizer\&.Normalizer\&.points_norm ( self,  input_y,  points_no)"

.PP
.nf
Returns the input by dividing it with the number of points received by that particular channel.

.fi
.PP
 
.SS "def normalizer\&.Normalizer\&.set_mode ( self,  mode_str)"

.PP
.nf
Sets the normalization mode for the normalizer. Accepted modes -> {"no", "points", "mean"}

.fi
.PP
 
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "normalizer\&.Normalizer\&.available_modes"

.SS "normalizer\&.Normalizer\&.bin_ratio_scale"

.SS "normalizer\&.Normalizer\&.bin_ratio_scale_sq"

.SS "normalizer\&.Normalizer\&.mt_param"

.SS "normalizer\&.Normalizer\&.norm_fn"

.SS "normalizer\&.Normalizer\&.points_scale_template"

.SS "normalizer\&.Normalizer\&.tau_values"


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for DIY Auto-Correlator from the source code\&.
